## The “Mr. Snow” arch


        NOOK INC. HQ
        Location: ???

    
__Isabelle__: Uhhhh, Nook. We might have an issue  
__Tom Nook__: What is that?  
__Isabelle__: We might have a data leaker  
__Tom Nook__: How did you know?  
__Isabelle__: 1.2 TB of data was downloaded from the one IP  
__Tom Nook__: Were you able to find out who it was?  
__Isabelle__: Yes, it's H616 dimension  
__Tom Nook__: And what about the mercenaries?  
__Isabelle__: Half of them are on missions and half of them are just busy  
__Tom Nook__: Goddamit, I guess we need C771 and C773  
__Isabelle__: You know, Nook, you can’t send Villagers for him. That’s off limits  
__Tom Nook__: I know what to do, so please, don’t tell me what to do. They will prove their reliability in the future  
__Isabelle__: It’s your choice  


        Tails’ house
        Location: Luferia Island


__Tom Nook__: Tails, are you busy?  
__Tails__: What? How did you?...  
__Tom Nook__: We have an emergency  
__Tails__: What is it?  
__Tom Nook__: Listen, Anton will come here, I asked him  
__Anton__: Do you need me?  
__Tom Nook__: You just in time. Come over here  
__Tom Nook__: Anyway, let me explain  
__Tails__: WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?! WHY HE IS HE-  
__Tom Nook__: Shush! I will explain  
__Tom Nook__: Anyway, long story short, someone is leaking our data and I want you both to find him  
__Tails__: Hold on. We must catch someone, so he won’t leak your data  
__Tom Nook__: Not my data, but our company data

// I've tried to do comedy, but comedy doesn't want me to have it

[Anton and Tails at the same time]

__Anton__: I can’t, sorry. I have some busines-  
__Tails__: I won’t, thanks. I want some peace-  
__Tom Nook__: I will clear your debts for houses

//Basic Animal Crossing ahhhhhh move here  

[Anton and Tails at the same time]

__Tails__: Now, we’re talking  
__Anton__: Alrighty then  
__Tom Nook__: Okay. So...  
__Tom Nook__: Someone recently downloaded 1.2TB of data, using TOR connection. However, we've found his location, so your mission is to get him or else...  
__Tails__: We’re fu**** up  
__Tom Nook__: Correct! But PLEASE, BE CAREFUL AND PREPARE. It’s very dangerous and we have only one shot  
__Anton__: Whoa. We’re gonna do something cool. Finally  
__Tom Nook__: And one more thing: DO NOT TELL ANYBODY THIS. THIS IS CONFIDENTIAL. Understood?

[Anton and Tails at the same time]  
//Yeah... In retrospective, it was unnessesary

__Tails__: Yes  
__Anton__: Quiet as a mouse  
__Tom Nook__: Good. Tomorrow at the Tails' house, so everything is gonna be private


    Next day…
    (With delay)
    Tails’ house
    Location: Luferia Island
    (With delay)
    Why do I need to write the same location again?


[Tails waking up]

__Tom Nook__: Good morning, sleepy  
__Tails__: Arggh... It's 8 o'clock. Why is it so early?  
__Tom Nook__: So, we can finish it earlier  
__Anton__: I hope that I am not late  
__Tails__: It's 8 o'clock. I haven’t even woken fully up  
__Tom Nook__: You will wake up fully when you're gonna enter the Portal Device  

[Anton and Tails questions]

__Anton__: Da hell is that?  
__Tails__: Portal?… Device?...  
__Tom Nook__: AKA A machine for transferring matter by compressing and bending the space-time continuum, using black hole’s antimatter power  
__Anton__ (small): I still have some questions...

//idk how to call that very silent speech with a fitting emotion, so I've called it like that

__Tom Nook__: Anyway, we have a lot to do, so let's get down to-

[Wey fancy slowly approaches under Sahara (slowed) song]

__Tom Nook__: -the business  
__Tails__: Is that what I think?  
__Anton__: Did I know her? Should I know her? Is that even in a script?

[Wey stopped fancy slowly approaches]

__Wey__: Hey guys? What are you doing here? Oh, hey, mr. Nook  
__Tails__: WEY, LONG TIME NO SEE! I MISSED YOU SO MUCH!  
__Wey__: I missed you Tails too. Anyway, my name is Wey, Tails’ girlfriend
__Anton__: Anton. Just Anton. Still a virgin

//BOOOOM. ANTON IS A VIRGIN. THAT'S A CANON. TAILS ON THE OTHER HAND? HAVEN'T FIGURED THAT OUT

__Wey__: Nice to meet you, Anton. What are you doing here?  
__Tom Nook__: I will tell you, but you have to agree to this  
__Wey__: Weird, but OK. Go on, I agreed  
__Tom Nook__: So, as I mentioned before, we know where he is and that is somewhere in H616 system...  
__Tails__: Hold on, you‘re saying that we're gonna deal with someone, who might be dangerous and you send us REALLY FAR, using some kind of quantum physics?! Can I quit?  
__Tom Nook__: No  
__Wey__: Never mind...  
__Tom Nook__: Wey, you just agreed to this 3 sentences ago  
__Wey__: F***. I’ll hope that won’t turn into a big adventure. You know, I have stuff to do, like breathing… I can’t think a reason NOT to go  
__Tom Nook__: Don’t worry. The worst thing that could happen is dissolution into atoms  
__Wey__: Sounds safe  
__Tom Nook__: Where we left? Oh. And there's when Portal Device comes in: it will be powerful to transfer you to that galaxy  
__Tom Nook__ (small): ...but it's gonna take 20 hours, but you won't notice it, so whatever  
__Tom Nook__: Anyway, are you ready?

[all at the same time]

__Tails__: Yes  
__Wey__: I guess?  
__Anton__: What about Lenka?  
__Tom Nook__: She will stay on the island, don’t worry  
__Tom Nook__: Anyway team, just enter the airport, and then you will figure it out yourself. I already notified Orville. Any questions?  
__Tom Nook__: Tails, don’t ask how, okay?  
__Tails__: F***


        At the airport
        Location: Luferia Island


__Wey__: Ladies first [enters]  
__Tails__: Welp, here comes the nothing [enters]  
__Anton__: Idk what to say, so let’s go [enters]


        ???
        Location: H616


__Tails__: Well, here we are  
__Wey__: This is looks like a building  
__Anton__: Thanks, Captain Obvious  
__Wey__: You are welcome, butthole  
__Tails__: Guys, shush. We need to be quiet  
__Anton__: Okay. We need...  
__ANNOUNCER__: ATTENTION, STAFF. THE PRESENCE OF INTRUDERS IS DETECTED IN STORAGE. PREPARE FOR PROTECTION  
__Anton__: ...to be silent  
__Tails__: How the hell he has a security system?  
__Anton__: HIDE, QUICKLY

[Silent for a moment]

__Guard__: For the god’s sake. I told Eric to disable that stupid system. 3rd time in a row.  
__Guard__: Base? This is Tango 2 speaking. No intruders found. Going back. Over  
__Wey__ (whispering): Is he gone?  
__Tails__: I guess...  
__Anton__: Let’s move  
__T2__: To the base? Good choice!  
__Anton__: Thank you, Taaaa… WHO THE F*** ARE YOU?!  
__T2__: Base, I got 3 Intruders. Requesting assistance  
__Base__: They’re our friends. No help necessary  
__T2__: Sorry guys, you’re safe  
__Tails__: I AM HAVING A F****** HEART ATTACK  
__T2__: My apologies. This is Aperture Science. This is our storage and observatory  
__Anton__: Hold on, are you friends with Nook?  
__T2__: Yes. Tom Nook is sharing resources to us  
__Anton__: I don’t get it  
__T2__: Follow me, I’ll explain  
__Tails__ (small): Give me some sedative

//I forgot how that medicine is called, when you need to calm down :skull:

__Wey__ (small): Me too


        Sometime later

        
__T2__: This is our base. It’s doing… what bases does  
__Wey__: Sounds understandable  
__T2__: Anyway, let me explain  
__T2__: In a nutshell: A long time ago, in 2012, our CEO, Cave Johnson, and the CEO of Nook Inc., Tom Nook, signed a collaboration contract and now Aperture Science and Nook Inc. are partners  
__Wey__: ...I through that Aperture Science doesn’t exist  
__Tails__: My head goes around  
__Anton__: Guys, focus please. We need to find someone, which we don't know  
__Anton__: Do you know where we need to go?  
__T2__: Why do you need this?  
__Wey__: Someone leaked our data  
__T2__: Oh. That dude. He is several miles from here, but since Nook sends you, we can’t help here. Plus, we tried to catch him  
__Tails__: Welp, it’s going to be a long road. Do you have some sort of a vehicle?  
__T2__: Sorry, we can’t provide it. Company property, you know  
__Tails__: Okay, thanks. Alright guys, let’s move. We need to be fast  
__Wey__: Please f****** kill me. I don’t want to go  
__Anton__: Oh, hell no  
__Tails__: Guys, please. If we end this fast, we will have a surprise  
__Anton__ and __Wey__ (at the same time): FINE


        Sometime later


__Anton__: Are we here?  
__Wey__: Anton, for God’s sake, it’s 69th time you asked  
__Anton__ (small): nice  
__Tails__: Guys, is that this house?  
__Anton__: I guess that  
__Wey__: Yup. He told about this house.  
__Tails__: And according to this room, this is definitely his house?  
__Anton__: Okay. Here’s the plan: We sneak into his room and steal his MacBook. Doing this, we can easily catch him. Everything is clear?

//I LOOOOVE product placement. Even if I wasn't paid to do so, I just thought that it would be funny to say a "MacBook" instead of a generic "Laptop"

__Wey__: No one’s around so yeah, clear  
__Anton__: Let’s go!  
__Tails__: Wait for me!


        Few seconds later...


__Tails__: Here it is. The MacBook  
__Wey__: Grab that MacBook quickly and let's get the f*** out of here  
__Tails__: I already did it  
__Anton__: Let’s go then  
__Tails__: Okay, chill out guys. I'm pretty sure no one is going to break into that house, arrest us, and put us in jail for stealing-  
__Guards__: You're under arrest  
__Anton__: Guys, stop it. That's us, remember? Your colleagues at Nook Inc.  
__???__: They won’t  
__Tails__: Huh? Who are you?  
__???__: The owner of that MacBook, Mr. Snow. The famous Nook Inc. leaker and Black Mesa’s favorite journalist  
__Wey__: Hold on. Did you just say “Black Mesa”?  
__Snow__: Yes. Black Mesa is WAY more advanced in the study of portals. We were the first to invent an inter-dimensional device using crystal resonance, and Aperture Science was always tangled up

//That basically means that Portal, Half-Life and Tails of Adventure share the same universe. From Portal and Half-Life perspective, it's a fanon, but from our perspective, that's canon

__Snow__: So, we want to destroy not only Nook Inc, which is a partner of the Aperture Science, but also the Aperture itself  
__Tails__: But what about that base? It has Aperture logos  
__Snow__: Ah, the base? It's a trivial repaint. I knew I was giving Nook a lot of trouble and the fact that I knew who you would be. And when you arrived, you were like naive children, believing them, and in the meantime, I was preparing an ambush on you.  
__Anton__: B... But..  
__Snow__: Enough talking! Guys, pack 'em up

        The stock hits Tails' head, after which the screen goes black and there is a sharp sound. End of episode
