__Wey__: Tails, just admit: We’re trapped because of you  
__Tails__: No  
__Anton__: Yeah, we’re trapped because of you, idiot  
__Tails__: Well, sorry that you’re agreed too. Wait, how did you call me?   
__Wey__: We won’t be here if you called us  
__Tails__: Wey, just get over with it. After all, you agreed as well  
__Wey__: I hate you and that’s it  
__Tails__: That’s because I am right...  
__Wey__: ...That’s because I hate you  
__Tails__: Guys, stop. Please. You don’t see, but we’re trapped here...  
__Anton__: That's a good point, Sherlock.  
__Tails__: ...and to escape from this hellhole, we need to make a plan  
__Anton__ (Sarcastically): Oh, I don't know, Tails. Maybe the plan where we magically teleport out of here, or the one where Charles and his “perfect plan” in to rescue us?  
__Wey__ (Sighs): Stop it, both of you. We're wasting time arguing. We need a real plan.  
__Tails__: Wey's right. We need to act  
__Anton__: Fine, fine. So, what's the brilliant plan, Chief?  
__Tails__: Well, first, let's have a look. Maybe we can find something useful here.  
__Wey__: I see nothing  
__Anton__: Same here  
__Tails__: Crap. Maybe... [Tails punches the rails and hurts himself] NOPE  
__Guard__: Stop doing what are you doing. Anton, you go with me  
__Anton__: For what?  
__Guard__: Snow wants to chat with you. And with Tails and Wey as well  
__Anton__: Sure? I mean, SURE. I don’t want to be with Tails. He smells like failure  
__Tails__: Ayo! Shut the fuck up  
__Anton__: Make your mouth narrower 

[Anton leaves with the guard. After several seconds]

__Wey__: Speaking of smelling, you’re actually smelling like hot garbage. When was the last time you washed?  
Tails: Shut up 


        ANTON QUESTIONING
        

__Snow__: So, you’re Anton, right?  
__Anton__: Actually, I am John Smith. OF COURSE, I AM ANTON  
__Snow__: Tell me Anton. Where’s Lenka?  
__Anton__: How did you?...  
__Snow__ I am asking questions here  
__Anton__: FINE. She’s on the island  
__Snow__: I see… Is she always on the island or that an exception?  
__Anton__: Why are you asking that? And how did you know her?  
__Snow__: To tell you the truth, I know everything. I know the past, present and even the future, so please don’t make it complicated for me. After all, it was a __good idea to put “20032020” as the root’s password on the mainframe  
__Anton__ (Confused): Ehhh...  
__Snow__: Don’t be bothered with that. Focus on the questions. So, Is Lenka always on the island or that an exception?  
__Anton__: Always  
__Snow__ (mumbles): So those events don’t happen for now  
__Snow__: Say, have you been diagnosed with autism?  
__Anton__ (Stands up furiously): WHAT ARE THOSE QUESTIONS?! ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND TO QUESTIONING ME?! FUCK! YOU! THAT’S MY ANSWER!  

//That Anton's line eventually became unused. Looking back, a simple "Nah, fuck you" would be better, but future episodes would show Anton's personality a bit better

__Snow__: Alright, I get it. Guards, lead him back. He’s useless

[Back to the cells]

__Tails__: ...And thus, I made smoked napkins, later to discover that I am allergic to them  
__Wey__:  That’s actually interesting, since when we tried cooking, we set whole kitchen on fire, twice. And I developed PTSD, thanks to you  
__Tails__: Oh, c’mon that wasn’t that bad. Oh, hey Anton, how is the questioning?  
__Anton__: Stupid  
__Tails__: Don’t be silly, at least you won’t be tortured  
__Anton__: I was by “do you have autism?” question  
__Wey__ (short laugh at Anton): Irony at its best  
__Anton__: SHUT UP!  
__Wey__: Alright, alright, chill  
__Guard__: Wey, you’re the next  
__Anton__: I wish you to scream in agony  
__Wey__: You too  
__Anton__: Wait, what?


        WEY’S QUESTIONING

        
__Snow__: Wey, Wey, Wey, the Tails’ girlfriend  
__Wey__: Actually, I am not his girlfriend  
__Snow__: That’s interesting. Then, who are you to him?  
__Wey__: His oldest friend  
__Snow__: And for how long?  
__Wey__: 2 decades  
__Snow__: And how old are you?  
__Wey__: 20  
__Snow__: Tails?  
__Wey__: 21  
__Snow__: I understand (mumbles) That doesn’t happen either, but just to be safe  
__Snow__: Do you ever have voices in your head?  
__Wey__: No?  
__Snow__ (mumbles): That doesn’t happen for sure  
__Snow__: Now you can go  
__Wey__: Okay?

[Back to the cells]

__Tails__: ...  
__Anton__: ...  
__Wey__: Guys?  
__Tails__: Hey, I'm bored.  
__Wey__: Why don't you want to talk with Anton?  
__Anton__: Because Anton doesn't want to.  
__Wey__: Anton, why don't you want to talk?  
__Anton__: Because Anton is tired of this place.  
__Tails__: ... And Tails wants to go home.  
__Guard__: Tails, you're next.  
__Tails__: Here comes the "excitement."  
__Wey__: Good luck.  
__Tails__: You too.  


        TAILS’ QUESTIONING

        
__Snow__: And now, for the grand finale, Tails  
__Tails__: What final?  
__Snow__: You’re the last and one of the most interesting. Anyway, let’s get started: Have you ever been killed?  
__Tails__: No?  
__Snow__: Mhm. Do you ever meet anthropomorphic cats?  
__Tails__: Furry cats?  
__Snow__: Yes. And which color are they? Pink, gray, purple, et set ra  
__Tails__: Does the Raymond counts?  
__Snow__: Sure  
__Tails__: Only him and that’s it  
__Snow__: No pink or purple?  
__Tails__: Bob? Ankha?  
__Snow__: They’re irrelevant. Okay, and last question… *gunshots*  
__Nook__: Check the other rooms. He must be here. Tails, how are you? Are you hurt?  
__Tails__: Nook, is that you?  
__Nook__: Yes, yes, me. Where’s Wey and Lenka?  
__Tails__: In the cells  
__Snow__: Shit!  
__Nook__: He’s here! GET HIM!  
[Sounds of beating]  
__Tails__: Say, do you know what are you going to do with him?  
__Nook__: Don’t worry. That’s my part. Your job here is done  
__Snow__: My arm  
[Sound of cracked bone]  
__Snow__: MY ARM!!!  
__Nook__: Speaking of your job, congratulations, now you have your very own Nook Inc’s ID  
__Tails__: What does it mean?  
__Nook__: Now, you will work for us as a mercenary  
__Tails__: What about no?  
__Nook__: In free time, you can go to other galaxies for free  
__Tails__: I’m sold  
__Nook__: That’s good to hear, Mike Lima Charlie Seven Seven One  
__Tails__: Mike Lime…  
__Nook__: MLC-771 for short  
__Tails__: Ah, a new chapter in the grand adventure of life, new galaxies and encountering all sorts of oddities. This surely marks the of a different Tails. The Tails of Adventure.
