## Now, I will include how some of the lines are should be pronounced. Pronunciations will be included in double brackets, like this ((this)) to prevent confusion
## Tails of Adventure E5S1 “Wind of Change”

[Tails eats a sandwich in the kitchen]

__Ashley__ (In a hurry): Tails, we will have a meeting in your room in 15 minutes. Sounds good?  
__Tails__ (Annoyed): Why my room?  
__Ashley__ (Explaining): Because you’re the leader  
__Tails__ (Normal): No  
__Ashley__ (Normal): Yes  
__Tails__ (Normal): No-  
__Ashley__ (Frustrated): If you say “No” one more time, I will rm -rf ((R-M dash R-F)) you from the existence. Understood?  
__Tails__ (Normal): Yes  
__Ashley__ (Normal): That’s better. We will be there in 15 minutes

## At Tails’ room

__Ashley__ (Explaining): I know, that you might be excited to do missions and wanna unalive some bad guys, but I can’t let the whole team, without experience and equipment to commit some potential Geneva Convention violations, so we will do some testing-  
__Tails__ (Dissatisfied): Oh, come on. I wanted to become the most wanted war criminal  
__Wey__ (Indignant): Tails, you can't even fry an egg without committing arson  
__Tails__ (Indignant): Wey, first of all that’s YOUR mistake of setting the whole kitchen on fire TWICE and secondly, I can make myself lunch without setting the whole kitchen on fire  
__Anton__ (Interrupting): Tails, Wey, please shut up, no one cares about your problems here  
__Ashley__ (Explaining): Anton, thanks. Anyway, we will do some tests, after that we will give you simple missions...  
__Tails__ (Interrupting): But...  
__Ashley__ (Continuing the explanation): BUT that doesn’t mean it will be easy. There’s still a minimal chance of danger. Let me guide you through our plan for today: You'll need to navigate from point A to point B without drawing attention, retrieve the documents, then proceed to point C for extraction. Got it?  
__Tails__ (Interrupting): Actually...  
__Ashley__ (Explaining): We won’t give you any weapons and even if we did, we won’t give you a rocket launcher with hydrogen nuclear warhead  
__Tails__ (Surprised): How and why?  
__Ashley__ (Responding): Nate told me your question and guess what happens when we give untrained mercenary a literal nuclear launcher? Also, that mission is to test your stealth skills, not your “Destroy-What-You-See” skill  
__Tails__ (Frustrated): Oh, come on, I can’t even joke here?  
__Ashley__ (Seriously): Tails, this is mercenary program testing. Of course, this is not a place to make silly jokes here, bedsides that one time... but I won’t mention it… Anyway, follow me to the training course  

## At the training course’s control center

__Ashley__ (Normal): Tails, you will be the first  
__Tails__ (Determined): Got it  
[Tails at the training course]  
[Tails secretly goes around the Guards]  
__Ashley__ (Praising): Not bad  
[Tails strangles the last Guard, disguises as him and hides his body]  
__Tails__ (as a Guard, in a very distinct British ascent): 'Scuse me. It's my first day 'ere, and I'm a bit lost as to where the documents are. The boss is after 'em, you see.  
__Anton__ (Jokily): Now, let’s see how Tails will fail  
__Guard__ (With the British ascent): 'Ello there, mate. Welcome to the team! Right, the documents you're after, they're down the hall to your left, tucked away in a little cabinet. Can't miss 'em. Best of luck!  
__Tails__ (With the British ascent): Have a great day!  
__Guard__ (With the British ascent): You too, mate!  
__Anton__, Wey (At the same time Confused): WHAT THE!  
[Tails picks the documents, changes to his own clothes and goes to the evac no problem]  
__Tails__, as he returns from the evac (excitedly): No Guards were killed, no warnings and alarms, plus I returned my clothes. That’s Silent Assassin, baby!  
__Ashley__ (Not caring): Yeah, yeah, sure. Wey, you’re next  
__Wey__ (Determined): I am ready  
[Wey on the course]  
[Wey notices an electrical panel and disables it, turning the whole scene black]  
__Guard__ (Confused): What just happened?  
[Wey quickly grabs the documents and electricity turns on]  
__Wey__ (Panicking): Damn, not now, anyway, YOU CAN’T TAKE ME ALIVE  
[Wey rushes to the evac]  
__Wey__ (Asking): How I did it and where’s Tails?  
__Ashley__ (Normal): Pretty well. Anton, you’re next. Wey, if you want to, you can go home now, you’re free  
__Wey__ (Asking): Can I stay? I wanna see Anton’s attempt  
__Ashley__(Normal): Sure  
[Anton on the course]  
[Tries to do Tails’ attempt, but Guard catches him when he crawls to the Guard]  
__Guard__ (Announcing): Intruder detected  
__Anton__ (Threatens): Oh, you wanna piece of me?  
[Fighting starts between Anton and Guards]  
__Guard__ (Screams): Why don’t we have a gun?  
__Guard__ (Screams): That’s training, dummy  
__Guard__ (In agony): AHH- I CAN’T FEEL MY LEFT WRIST  
__Wey__ (Jokily): John Wick theme would fit in here perfectly  
[After some time]  
__Anton__ (Completely normal): I beat the living shit out of these Guards  
__Ashley__ (through the megaphone (will be done later, at the editing)): Anton, return here. Your attempt is done  
__Anton__ (Confused): What?  
__Ashley__ (Confident): I said return  
__Anton__ (Agreeably): Okay...  

## At the training course’s control cent­er  

__Ashley__ (Normal): Guys, you did well, now all of you can leave, except Tails, he leaved early  
__Wey__ (Happy): Thank you  
__Anton__ (With an evil grin): I think I am ready for a mass murder  
__Ashley__ (Normal): Anyway, it’s not end. Let me invite Tails first. Tails are you here?  
__Tails__ (Annoyed): Yes, I am literally on the toilet. Privacy please for God’s sake.  
__Ashley__ (Normal): We will meet tomorrow, at the same at the same place. Do you copy Tails?  
__Tails__ (Frustrated): I got it. Let me spend my time in peace  
__Ashley__ (Asking): Guys?  
__Wey__ (Agreeing): Yes  
__Anton__ (Agreeing): Got it  
__Ashley__ (Normal): Alright, then that’s all for today. See you tomorrow.  
__Anton__ (Normal): See ya  
__Wey__ (Normal): Goodbye  
